hack/usoc22: Update session 05 - Contributing to Unikraft (#96)
unikraft/docs: content/en/community/hackathons/sessions/contributing-to-unikraft/content/Overview_Example-of-External-Library.md

In this way, we can check the library integrity if we want so by just a single function call.
Moreover, we can create a test framework which can periodically check all of the ported libraries, useful especially for detecting if a new library will interfere with an already ported one.

> Moving back to `libhogweed`, a practical example of the second case is the `run_all_libhogweed_tests(int v)` function from [`libhogweed/testutils_glue.c #674`](https://github.com/unikraft/lib-libhogweed/blob/staging/testutils_glue.c#L674), which calls every selected (we will see later how we can make selectable config variables) test module and returns `EXIT_SUCCESS` only if it passes over all the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moving back to `libhogweed`, a practical example of the second case is the `run_all_libhogweed_tests(int v)` function from [`libhogweed/testutils_glue.c #674`](https://github.com/unikraft/lib-libhogweed/blob/staging/testutils_glue.c#L674), which calls every selected test module (we will see later how we can make selectable config variables) and returns `EXIT_SUCCESS` only if it passes over all the tests.
```

> 1. Add compile flags, used in general for suppressing some compile warnings and making the build process neater:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add compile flags, used, generally, for suppressing some compile warnings and making the build process neater:
```

>    There are situations when the test cases have each a `main()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   There are situations when the test cases each have their own `main()` function.
```
